PBM-488 Doc: pbm-agent weight for backups (#538)
percona/percona-backup-mongodb: doc/source/running.rst

|

.. rubric:: Adjust node priority for backups

> By default, a pbm-agent to do a backup is elected in a similar fashion as replica set members elect a new primary, with secondaries having precedence over the primary node to be elected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In PBM prior to v1.5.0 a pbm-agent to do a backup is elected by a random choice between secondary nodes. If no secondary node responded in some time, backup would be run on the primary node.
```

As of version 1.5.0, you can influence the pbm-agent election by assigning a priority to ``mongod`` nodes in the |PBM| :ref:`configuration file <pbm.config>`. 

.. code-block:: yaml

   backup:
     priority:
       "localhost:28019": 2.5
       "localhost:27018": 2.5
       "localhost:27020": 2.0
       "localhost:27017": 0.1

> The format of the `pririty` array is `hostname:port`:`priority`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The format of the `priority` array is `hostname:port`:`priority`.
```
